# COMPANY_NETWORKING_SYSTEM
The enterprise network is the lifeblood of any Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) with more than one site or supply chain partner. It enables access to business information and allows for profitable and effective communication flows between employees in different enterprise sites. Network enterprise network equipment is mature and ubiquitous, but the quality of services provided by similar networks varies from city to city and from country to country. In particular, the quality variation gap between most of the cities in some developing nations and their counterparts in advanced nations is very wide. This is due to the lack in developing nations of an adequate IT infrastructure, which is taken for granted in developed nations. This study briefly discusses the architecture of an enterprise network. It examines the barriers to planning, designing, and implementing an enterprise network. This study also covers the methods to implement enterprise level networks. A basic router configuration is used for covering the Routing technologies which route data between branches. After that we have implemented Wide Area Network (WAN) and Frame-relay is considered a good choice because it connects multiple location using single interface of router and reduce the hardware costs. For Internet connectivity we are also using frame relay. In this setup Network Address Translation (NAT) is essential in which we have translate live Internet Protocol (IP) into local and vice versa.
Index Terms: Routing technologies, NAT, SME, IP, Frame relay, WAN.
